Make osm namespace generic in docs (#225)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/getting_started/quickstart/manual_demo.md

  osm install --set=OpenServiceMesh.enablePermissiveTrafficPolicy=true
  ```

> 1. Post install by patching the `osm-mesh-config` custom resource in the control plane's namespace (`osm-system` by default and configurable through $osm_namespace env var)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Post install by patching the `osm-mesh-config` custom resource in the control plane's namespace (`osm-system` by default and configurable through $osm_namespace environment variable)
```

Same applies to other changes made in this PR.
